Add publish-announcement command to releasego for automatically generating and drafting blogpost on WP (#126)
microsoft/go-infra: cmd/releasego/templates/announcement.template.md

---
post_title: {{.Title}}
author1: {{.Author}}
post_slug: {{.Slug}}
categories: {{.CategoriesString}}
tags: {{.TagsString}}
featured_image:
summary: The Microsoft builds of the Go security patches released on {{.ReleaseDate}} are now available for download.
---

> The Microsoft builds of the Go security patches released today, {{.ReleaseDate}}, are now [available for download](https://github.com/microsoft/go#binary-distribution). The new versions are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Microsoft builds of the Go security patches released today, {{.ReleaseDate}}, are now [available for download](https://github.com/microsoft/go#binary-distribution). For more information about this release and the changes included, see the table below:
```

> The Microsoft builds of the Go security patches released today, are now [available for download](https://github.com/microsoft/go#binary-distribution). For more information about this release and the changes included, see the table below:

Reviewer 2: The way I read this now, it says that the Go security patches were released today (which might not be the case if it takes us a day or more to release a new Microsoft Go), and the first `,` is a comma splice. (I can see how another interpretation might make sense, but it isn't how I'd normally read it. 😄)

Also, it always says "security patches", but that might not be the case.

I think simplifying it helps solve both of those things:

```suggestion
A new set of Microsoft Go builds is now [available for download](https://github.com/microsoft/go#binary-distribution).
{{- if .SecurityRelease }}This release includes security fixes from an upstream Go release.{{ end -}}
For more information about this release and the changes included, see the table below:
```

I haven't tested out this suggestion, and it means the input data needs a new field! I think simply removing the mention of security releases for now is ok, and this can be addressed in a followup PR:

```suggestion
A new set of Microsoft Go builds is now [available for download](https://github.com/microsoft/go#binary-distribution). For more information about this release and the changes included, see the table below:
```

Author: fixed

> <p>The Microsoft builds of the Go security patches released today, {{ .Date }}, are now available for download. The new versions are:</p>

Reviewer: guessing we want to name this `announcement.template.html` now
